# Optimizing an ML Pipeline in Azure

## Overview
This project is part of the Udacity Azure ML Nanodegree.
In this project, we build and optimize an Azure ML pipeline using the Python SDK and a provided Scikit-learn model.
This model is then compared to an Azure AutoML run.

## Summary
**In 1-2 sentences, explain the problem statement: e.g "This dataset contains data about... we seek to predict..."**
This project uses the UCI Bank Marketing dataset, which contains demographic (i.e.: age, education, etc.) and financial (i.e.: loans, housing, consumer price index, etc.) as well as other (e..g: previouse campaing outcome) information about potential customers for bank's marketing campain. Our goal is to predict if the customer answers "yes" or "no" to term deposit. To this end we will use classification algorithms in Azure in 2 ways: using Hyperdrive, and using AutoML.

**In 1-2 sentences, explain the solution: e.g. "The best performing model was a ..."**

## Scikit-learn Pipeline
**Explain the pipeline architecture, including data, hyperparameter tuning, and classification algorithm.**

**What are the benefits of the parameter sampler you chose?**

**What are the benefits of the early stopping policy you chose?**

## AutoML
**In 1-2 sentences, describe the model and hyperparameters generated by AutoML.**

## Pipeline comparison
**Compare the two models and their performance. What are the differences in accuracy? In architecture? If there was a difference, why do you think there was one?**

## Future work
**What are some areas of improvement for future experiments? Why might these improvements help the model?**

## Proof of cluster clean up
**If you did not delete your compute cluster in the code, please complete this section. Otherwise, delete this section.**
**Image of cluster marked for deletion**
